Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now this lecture revenue lender not to integrate firebase.
Now add up to firebase that Google Dutch com.
Okay.
Now we're going to click on go to console.
Now you find the reason you didn't have an account.
Second, we'll just create an account.
Okay.
Now you're going to click on Hard, so forget.
Now he's asking for the name of the project.
We can't call this commerce.
Cause what you can.
You can actually call this and then you desire, right?
So you're going to pick on so much cause I can call you on my project or e-commerce app.
Okay.
Now going to click on Continue.
They continue.
Now, the first year we're going to do is you're going to disable this Google analysis, so make sure
you disabled is able to click on create projects.
Okay.
Now this is going to take some time.
We just have to wait a bit.
Okay.
You guys is finishing up.
Ack ack ack ack ack ack ack on.
Continue.
Okay.
Now you're going to be integrated for the hundred, right?
So we're going to click on under it.
You can easily check it out to do that for hours.
Okay.
That's asking for the package name.
Now, if you go over over this, you can see it is telling you the location to get the package name.
You can see your package name is generally the application ID in your house.
There will be a descriptor.
Okay.
So now we're going to go to our visa code.
Then we're going to go to price.
Okay.
First of all, I will collapse.
This ACC is asking for the android and the app level.
Okay.
This is the bill.
Third grader.
Okay.
Now what is control and B to make this wider?
Now, what first I can do is instead of using the com example, we can make it unique by using our user
name so we can insert my colleague in my spot.
I believe your username is going to be different.
Right?
Okay.
But I escort you and they're safe, and I'm going to copy this.
After this.
Okay.
Don't forget to use your whole username.
Now we're going to place this year.
Okay.
Now he's asking for the nickname.
We can just it up.
Okay.
Now I'm going to click on register.
Have.
Okay.
It's going to take some time as well.
Nice, Don.
Now, the nurse that we're going to do is we're going to download this Google Docs JSON.
Now you can see it.
This is the location asking is asking us to have it.
So these are the point of view in and rescue logos and the USA Code is asking us to have this to the
Android app level.
Okay.
So now what we're going to do is we're going to go to size.
Videos.
Sorry, not videos, but loads.
Okay, now I'm going to cut this off since I've never been needing a ticket.
Okay.
We're going to go to text stubs.
They're going to go to call us up.
They're going to go 200.
You're going to go to up ten.
You can see it wants us to taste its.
It's in the source code as well.
So we're going to finish this year.
Okay, great.
Now we're going to click on Nest.
Okay.
Now over here is asking us to have this line over here and not to get to this line.
We need to go to the project level, build the cradle.
So now we're going to call status, right?
Of course it is.
Okay.
Now, this is the third yet, right?
And this should be the third grade.
Okay.
I'm trying to make this slide.
He's asking us to assist.
It's here, so we're going to copy this.
Then we're going to face it here.
Okay.
We're trying to save.
And as we are going to go down now, all I can say is that we should have this line.
Okay.
Is the Toronto Star just at the hop level?
So now I'm going to set this up like a plug in.
Okay.
We're trying to make this simple.
Again, this is the upper level.
This is the view of.
Great.
All right.
The cable can't be to make this wider in a little business over here.
Okay.
He's going to try to save as well.
And lastly, I think it's OneSource to have this implementation platform in the same half level build
Gradle.
Okay.
So.
This is it for a year.
You're not going to see this in yours.
I did it when I was facing an issue and created the project.
So you're not going to see this line of code of.
I so don't think of us in that.
Okay.
Tis this.
Okay, great.
Now control.
And to save.
Okay.
Click on.
Nest.
Okay.
I think that is all they are going to click on go to continue to console.
Now what you can do is you can click on this quantification.
Then they're going to click on Get Started.
Okay.
They are going to be using username.
Log in on password, log in.
So now what they need to do is not to use the user name.
So the email and password you need to enable this.
So we recommend regular label for the email and password.
So now they're going to anybody's going to click on Save.
Okay, great.
Okay.
So what I was going to do is I take over.
Over this part config.
They're going to do some edits.
And first of all, the minimum SDK, they're going to change it to.
So you still want.
Okay, great.
Great.
Now use control and this.
Just save.
Okay, great.
Okay.
So that is how basically you're going to be using to to create your fan base, sue your heart.
Okay, guys, see this?